Assignment 1 
Readme file

I have sampled the sentences from the corpus and stored it in the nlp10.txt file.
I have used nlp10.txt file throught my assignment.


Firstly, I have defined a function to get rid of all non-language characters. 
I have also defined a list of vowels, consonants and Maatras.

 I have used the above function and got rid of all non-language Characters.
 I have defined a function to do unicode correction i.e def corrc_unicode.
 I have defined a function to find syllables i.e def corrc_syllable.
 
1a) In this problem, I have called the above corrc_unicode function.
			The corrc_unicode function has a set of rules to do unicode correction.
			You may see the definition of corrc_unicode function to know the set of rules.

1b) I have already got rid of all the non_language characters before starting my 1st question.

2a)The jupyer cell Named  :- "Finding out white spaced tokens,characters,syllables and their frequencies along with their bigram frequencies"
	I have also made function calls to corrc_unicode and corrc_syllable from this cell.
	I have splitted the lines in to tokens using split method
	I have found out the frequencies of each token Freqdist() method.
	I have found out syllables of each token and their frequencies.
	I have found out characters of each token and their frequencies.
	I have Found out bi-gram frequencies of syllables and characters using nltk library.

	
3a & b) I have executed BPE for on nlp10.txt file with different vocabulary sizes i.e. 1k,2k,5k,10k,30k,50k.
	You can see them under different cells named: " Implementing byte pair encoding for vocabulary size of __"


3)c) For each token thus found, find the characters and the syllables. Find the unigram and bigram frequencies of tokens , syllables and characters.
	You can find the corresponding code under the cell headings
	3)c) Finding the characters of tokens found in BPE, and their frequencies along with their bi gram character frequencies.
	3)c) Finding the syllables of tokens found in BPE, and their frequencies along with their bi gram syllable frequencies.
	
	
4) I have calculated the Precision, recall and F-scorre for each vocabulary size.

5) I have extracted lemmas under the cell named  "5) Extract a list of lemmas  found from the UDtagged files."
   I have extracted surface forms under the cell named  "5) Extract a list of surface forms  found from the UDtagged files."
   
   
   
6) I have drawn a plot to check if the frequency of whitespace-separated words, BPE tokens, syllables, follow zipifian distribution
	The above code can be found out under the cell named "Finding if the frequencies of _____ follow zipifian distribution"
	
	
7a) have extracted the suffix given a surface form and a lemma
	I have also listed 50 common suffixes.
	You may see the code under the cell named:"7 a)Finding out suffix for a given surface form and lemma  Listing the 50 most common suffixes."

7b) I have also listed some suffixes based on knowledge.